1. You are hanging three pictures on a wall that is 16 feet wide. The widths of the three pictures are 2, 3, and 4 feet. You want the space between the pictures to be the same, and the spaces to the left and right of the group to be 6 inches more than the space between the adjacent pictures. How should you position the pictures?
2. Your long-distance phone charges 8 cents per minute for weekday and daytime calls. It charges 5 cents per minute for night and weekend calls. If you made a total of 220 minutes of longdistance calls during one billing cycle, and your bill was $\$ 13.16$, how many minutes of night and weekend calls did you make?
3. The sum of four consecutive odd integers is 184. Find the four integers.
4. The length of one side of a triangular flower bed is $3 \mathrm{ft}$ less than twice the length of the shortest side and the length of the third side is $3 \mathrm{ft}$ greater than the length of the shortest side. If the perimeter is $36 \mathrm{ft}$, what is the length of the shortest side?
5. Denise drove to her parent's house at a rate of $70 \mathrm{~km} / \mathrm{h}$. She came back by the same route, but drove at a rate of $80 \mathrm{~km} / \mathrm{h}$. If the round trip took her 3 hours, what is the distance between her house and her parent's house?
6. The Chans invested twice as much money at $8 \%$ as at $6 \%$. If the total of the simple interest for one year is $\$ 660$, what is the amount the Chans invested at $6 \%$ ?
7. The sum of three integers is 242. The second number is three more than twice the first and the third number is nine less than five times the first. Find the integers.
8. You have a piece of wood that is 72 inches long. You cut the wood into three pieces. The second piece is 6 inches longer than the first piece. The third piece is 6 inches longer than the second piece. Draw a diagram and then write and solve an equation to find the lengths of the three pieces.
9. A moving company weights 20 boxes you have packed that contain either books or clothes and says the total weight is 404 pounds. You know that a box of books weighs 40 pounds and a box of clothes weighs 7 pounds. Write and solve an equation to find how many boxes of books and how many boxes of clothes you packed.
10. Victor bought $\$ 8.40$ worth of stamps. He bought 3 times as many $\$ .17$ stamps as $\$ .25$ stamps and 4 times as many $\$ .02$ stamps as $\$ .25$ stamps. Find the number of $\$ .25$ stamps he purchased.
11. Two planes leave Hobby Airport at noon. One flew east at a certain speed and the other flew west at twice that speed. The planes were 2700 miles apart in 3 hours. How fast was each plane traveling?
12. Assume that $a, b$, and $c$ are integers and $a \neq 0$. Prove that the solution to the linear equation $a x-b=c$ must be a rational number.